Upd SDKs guidelines (#315)
meilisearch/documentation: resources/sdks.md

- [PHP](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-php)
- [Golang](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-go)
- [Swift](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-swift)
- [Laravel Scout](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-laravel-scout)

### Contributing

If you want to build a new integration for MeiliSearch, you are more than welcome to and we would be happy to help you!

We are proud that some of our libraries were developed and are still maintained by external contributors! ♥️

We recommend to follow [these guidelines](https://github.com/meilisearch/integrations-guides) so that it will be easier to integrate your work.

> Do not hesitate to [contact us](https://docs.meilisearch.com/resources/faq.html#how-can-i-contact-the-meilisearch-team)! 🙂

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to [contact us](https://docs.meilisearch.com/resources/faq.html#how-can-i-contact-the-meilisearch-team)! 🙂
```
